Add information about syncing Smart Proxy directly from CDN (#2143)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-smart-proxy-directly-from-cdn.adoc

> [id="Synchronizing_Smart_Proxy_Directly_From_CDN_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Synchronizing_{smart-proxy-context}_Directly_From_Red_Hat_CDN_{context}"]
```

See https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L113

> = Synchronizing {SmartProxy} Directly From CDN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Synchronizing {SmartProxy} Directly From Red Hat CDN
```

Please also adjust the file name: "from-red-hat-cdn.adoc".

> You can use simplified alternate content sources to configure the {SmartProxy} to sync content directly from the {Team} CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use simplified alternate content sources to configure the {SmartProxy} to sync content directly from Red Hat CDN.
```

I am unsure about "the". :shrug:

.Procedure

> . In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Alternate Content Sources*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Alternate Content Sources*.
```
